// Registration Story
The user navigates to the web site. The user see a splash page with a short description of the web page on one side, and a login email/password, login button, forgot password, and register button on the other. The user clicks Register. The user is taken to a page where the user can enter
their email, password, and password again. The user enters his email, password, and password again. The user clicks
register, is informed he successfully registered then taken to the home page.

// Login story
The user is on the splash page. The user enters his email and password and clicks Login. The user is taken to the home page.
 
// Bad password story
The user is on the splash page. The user enters his email wrong 5 times. The text, wrong email or password appears in red.

// Finish Bad password, lock account, and reset password.
The user is on the splash page. He enters a valid email and a bad password 5 times. He is informed that his account is locked and
that he must check his email for a link to reset his password. The user clicks on the link in his email and is taken to a page where he can enter
his new password, new password again, and a button that says Reset Password. The other tab closes automatically.
The user enters his new password, new password again, and clicks "Reset Password". The user is informed that his password is reset
and is taken to the home page.

// Forgot password story
The user is taken to a page where the user can enter their email, password, and password again. The user clicks on "Forgot Password".
The user is taken to a page with the text "Please enter your email, an input to enter the email, and a button that says "Continue".
The user enters his email and clicks "Continue". He is taken to a page asking him to navigate to the page sent to their email. The user
clicks on the link in his email and is taken to a page where he can enter his new password, new password again, and a button that says
Reset Password. The other tab closes automatically. The user enters his new password, new password again, and clicks "Reset Password".
The user is informed that his password is reset and is taken to the home page.

// Forgot Password, no account found story
The user is at the splash page. He clicks on "Forgot Password." The user is taken to a page with the text "Please enter your email,
an input to enter the email, and a button that says "Continue". The user enters an invalid email and clicks "Continue". The user is informed
in red text than an account with that email was not found.

// Forgot Password Link Expired Story
The user clicks on "Forgot Password". The user is taken to a page with the text "Please enter your email, an input to enter the email,
and a button that says "Continue". The user enters his email and clicks "Continue". He is taken to a page asking him to navigate to
the page sent to their email. The user waits 31 minutes then clicks on the link in his email. The user is taken to a page informing
him that the link expired and displays a button that says "Resend Reset Password Email."

// Foreign IP Address Story
The user enters the website with a foreign IP address. He is automatically redirected to a page informing the user that the site is
not yet available in his country.

// TODO: Finish story
The user is at the dashboard page. The user is prompted for his name. The user types it in. The user is then prompted to enter all
their medicines. The user is then prompted to enter what days and times they take their medicines
Type their names
They are then prompted to enter all their medicines
Then they enter when they take them
They they enter how they want to be remindes
